DOCSP-35785: added --deployment-name flag and page metadata (#795)
mongodb/docs-app-services: source/cli/appservices-push.txt

   :depth: 1
   :class: singlecol

> Pushes and deploys changes from your local directory to your app

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Imports and deploys changes from your local directory to your app (alias: import)
```
A little bit confusing, but the push command does technically 'import' local changes to your App

   * - --local
     - string
     - false

>      - Specify the local filepath of an app to be pushed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - Specify the local filepath of an app to be imported
```
Just double checking, were these wording changes from push to import made in the new set or did you make them? We normally accept the description as they come from engineering

Author: These were changed from the generated doc, I did not make them manually!
